feat: add new system event in v3.6 (#1560)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/messaging/customer-chat-api/changelog/index.mdx

- The [**Get Dynamic Configuration**](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.6/#get-dynamic-configuration) response has a new format to support non-LiveChat widgets as default widgets.

### Events

> - The [**System event**](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.6/data-structures/#system) was added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new structure for the [**System**](/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.6/data-structures/#system) event has been added.
```
